network a lot of interesting opinions
statements that litter our brains
not the right judgments i call them
by myths so let after that
video they stay from the past let's
start off
the end of the summer for children are all real boys
play on pc dressing eyes statistics
shows that the average age of the game
konsolschika from 20 to 30 years and my
observation convinces me of veracity
This data is smart people who bought
the prefix child suddenly realize that with
she doesn’t need to bathe so much she doesn’t
no driver installation needed
compatibility and other
floating bridge that has long been turned off
after work before her for many years
daily communication with you which is mine
loved then missed them all without me yes
anything now we'll turn on it yet
I have time so it is necessary to eat that interest
spend more time with him
tends to zero
and here children just love to mess with
computers download patch restart
install upgrade
Well, if the truth is to play all sorts of garbage and
sound so that and console for real
men
Well, yes and that is, I have already passed in mass
effect 3
I, in principle, also passed but for myself so
your too me play piracy not
harming the developers some not
good boys girls will call
their veronica love to play video games but
don't want to pay for it let's leave in
Aside from any party sites and we will
a hand
logically many many feathers do not
pay for games thereby depriving
salary developers
him make good games and even
opportunities to do it because you need it
considerable cache but a feast of swelling love it
declare what such under- received are
would know nothing who keratitis so not
wants and will not pay for any
I wouldn't flesh even if
the pirate will completely disappear
play 1 st she sings bam so we
we don’t take anything away from pirates
would still not buy this garbage
bulk torrent voro capable
pay at least two three games a year
well, maybe even more and even more so
wo n't give it up completely
easy to see on sales of pc games
most expense with such miserable
circulations that you might think
ori pe pk geyma but that's how it is
comes in about projects and the main role
plays multiplayer for example black ops 2
then sales immediately go on record
figure suggests the idea that pirates
woke up conscience alas it can
explain that multiplayer requires
online that with a pirate so easy not
will let
and here are our gangsters of the global network
asking parents for license money
hence the simple and sad conclusion of many
lovers of freebies can pay and are ready
pay in principle which means
developers should think about doing
more interesting multiplayer or we can
remember skyrim although it is already quite
another story with you was bass tornau
put likes subscribe to my
comment channel and the main game
not only good to everyone yet you also
can you send me your myths right in
group and maybe they will fall next
roller